hello everyone this is wave 15 of ops
zeal defeat each end me worth a
different rigor type and what makes this
difficult is it's a patriot and to
handymen so the vicar's that I used and
I suggest that you guys use is you
should be using doubles kiss shock
jockey and return the sender gonna be
using Ella's kiss on one of the hangman
shock jockey on the other hand even and
return the sender for the Patriots now
this is gonna be a bit harder but the
thing about this challenge is you don't
need to hit them with the Viggers to
kill them you can shoot them with any
weapon and do any setup that you wish to
reduce their health as long as the
killing blow is doubles kiss shock
jockey and return to sender so that
makes things a lot easier
I'm gonna do a setup that would uh that
I suggest you do if you have enough
salts and bigger and this will usually
reduce their HP down to a good a good
amount so go ahead and throw a trap down
grab two handyman pull them in just
throw another one at them and run well
it looks like I just destroyed that
Patriot with Elvis cos that's gonna be
interesting cuz now I gotta somehow kill
two handyman with shock jockey and
return the sender that's fine I like a
good challenge but usually that setup
won't kill the now that setup won't kill
the Patriot but if it does then you're
gonna have more trouble on hands so I
guess this you can say but this is the
worst case scenario but this strategy
works as well
whenever you fight these two handymen
one will always be stationed up on top
of that sniper tower or the other one's
gonna be down here getting messy with
you so I'll show you so there's the
handyman that will be the sniper and
then you can have that handyman down
there as the guy that's always going to
be pursuing you so I'm gonna be doing
shock-jock you since I really have no
choice and just keep shocking him in the
heart while he's suspended that's key
because when he's suspended you have to
take
bonus damage so you can open up a chair
grab a pillar of salt
run back grab an attache you always want
to keep your distance you never want to
go toe-to-toe with these guys because
the screen shaking plus the shield
breaking and the redness
it'll just disorient you to a point so
that's how you kill a handyman with a
shop shot you just go ahead and just
shoot them in the heart oh shoot
complete fraud okay so now the
complicated part I returned the center
you can actually like I said in the
zealots some for some reason melee
strikes gives you bullets I mean I guess
returned the sender is kind of like that
but you can go ahead and ask him for
your first some hits this is a lot
easier for the last guy was a patriot
because all he'll do is there you go oh
he'll do is just be nice enough and just
shoot bullets at you and you can he's
easily manageable this one not so much
let go ahead and just keep chucking his
own fist which somehow turn into bullets
and just throw it at him if it was this
nice she'll give you through salts make
you Elizabeth and yeah just keep doing
this and it should be relatively simple
there you go
but yeah that's it that's the challenge
that's the challenge completed that's my
terrible score because I haven't been
looting anything but I hope this video
has helped you out I'll be doing videos
for for ya for the rest of them as soon
as I come up with proper sense but I
hope that you guys enjoy this video sets
like people subscribe so you can be
updated when I finally come up with my
soaps for the other ones if you wish to
give me suggestions just leave comments
below and I'll be doing I'll be testing
out some of these setups on my twitch
account twitch TV / being Howell so you
can watch me live as I wrack my brain
trying to figure out nice setups for
some of these hard Ravens because once
we get into the other ones they're not
as easy as these ones but the only two
hard ones on the OPS's element is
definitely the siren and this one
because it's very hard to figure out
what to do so I hope you guys enjoy and
I hope to see you guys in my future
videos so yeah awesome guys and take
care